LEASE AGREEMENT

 

This Lease Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made this 10 day of February, 2022, by and between SIMON
WHITE (“Landlord”) and ALBERT YOUNG ("Tenant"). Each Landlord and Tenant may be referred to
individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties.”

1. Premises. The premises leased is an apartment located at 1901 L St, Sacramento, CA 95811 (the
“Premises”). The entire property wherein the Premises is located shall be referred to as the "Project",
inclusive of other residential units, parking areas and common areas.Parking is not included with the
Premises. The Premises is fully furnished.

2. Agreement to Lease. Landlord agrees to lease to Tenant and Tenant agrees to lease from Landlord,
according to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Premises.

3. Term. This Agreement will be for a term beginning on April 01, 2022 and ending on April 01, 2023 (the
“Term’).

4. Rent. Tenant will pay Landlord a rent in equal monthly installments of $600.00 (“Rent”). 
Rent will be payable in advance and due on the 1st day of each month during the
Term. Rent will be paid to Landlord at Landlord's address provided herein (or to such other places as
directed by Landlord) by mail or in person by one of the following methods: Cash, Personal check, Money
order, Electronic transfer, and will be payable in U.S. Dollars.

4a. Initial Payments. Upon execution of this Agreement by Tenant and as a condition of consideration
for acceptance by Landlord, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the following:

1. The first rent payment.
2. The Security Deposit. (See §8)

5. Late Fee. Rent paid after the 1st day of each month will be deemed as late; and if rent is not paid
within ten (10) day(s) after such due date, Tenant agrees to pay a late charge of $200.00.

6. Additional Rent. There may be instances under this Agreement where Tenant may be required to pay
additional charges to Landlord. All such charges are considered additional rent under this Agreement and
will be paid with the next regularly scheduled rent payment. Landlord has the same rights and Tenant has
the same obligations with respect to additional rent as they do with rent.


7. Utilities. Tenant is responsible for payment of all utility and other services for the Premises.

8. Security Deposit. Upon signing this Agreement, Tenant will pay a security deposit in the amount of
$1,200.00 to Landlord. The security deposit will be retained by Landlord as security for Tenant's
performance of its obligations under this Agreement. The security deposit may not be used or deducted
by Tenant as the last month’s rent of the Term. Tenant will be entitled to a full refund of the security
deposit if Tenant returns possession of the Premises to Landlord in the same condition as accepted,
ordinary wear and tear excepted. Within fifteen (15) days after the termination of this Agreement,
Landlord will return the security deposit to Tenant (minus any amount applied by Landlord in accordance
with this section). Any reason for retaining a portion of the security deposit will be explained in writing.
The security deposit will not bear interest while held by Landlord in accordance with applicable state laws
and/or local ordinances.

9. Landlord's Failure to Give Possession. In the event Landlord is unable to give possession of the
Premises to Tenant on the start date of the Term, Landlord will not be subject to any liability for such
failure, the validity of this Agreement will not be affected, and the Term will not be extended. Tenant will
not be liable for rent until Landlord gives possession of the Premises to Tenant. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, if Landlord does not deliver possession of the Premises within 30 days of the Start Date,
Tenant may cancel this Agreement upon notice to Landlord and Landlord shall, within15 business days,
return all monies paid by Tenant to Landlord.

10. Holdover Tenancy. Unless this Agreement has been extended by mutual written agreement of the
Parties, there will be no holding over past the Term under the terms of this Agreement under any
circumstances. If it becomes necessary to commence legal action to remove Tenant from the Premises,
the prevailing Party will be entitled to attorney's fees and costs in addition to damages.

11. Use of Premises. The Premises will be occupied only by Tenant and Tenant's immediate family and
used only for residential purposes. Tenant will not engage in any objectionable conduct, including
behavior which will make the Premises. less fit tolive in, will cause dangerous, hazardous or unsanitary
conditions or will interfere with the rights of others to enjoy their property. Tenant will be liable for any
damage occurring to the Premises and any damage to or loss of the contents thereof which is done by
Tenant or Tenant’s guests or invitees.

12. Condition of the Premises. Tenant has examined the Premises, including the appliances, fixtures
and furnishings, and acknowledges that they are in good condition and repair, normal wear excepted and
tear, and accepts them in its current condition.

13. Maintenance and Repairs. Tenant will maintain the Premises, including the grounds and all
appliances, fixtures and furnishings, in clean, sanitary and good condition and repair. Tenant will not
remove Landlord's appliances, fixtures, or furnishings from the Premises for any purpose. If repairs other
than general maintenance are required, Tenant will notify Landlord for such repairs. In the event of default
by Tenant, Tenant will reimburse Landlord for the cost of any repairs or replacement.

14, Reasonable Accommodations. Landlord agrees to comply with all applicable laws providing equal
housing opportunities, including making reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental
limitations of qualified individuals with a disability, unless undue hardship would result. Tenant is
responsible for making Landlord aware of any such required accommodations that are reasonable and
will not impose an undue hardship. If Tenant discloses a disability and requests an accommodation,
Landlord has the right to have a qualified healthcare provider verify the disability if the disability is not
readily apparent, and Landlord has the right to use the qualified healthcare provider verifying the disability
as a resource for providing the reasonable accommodation.

15. Sex Offender Registry Notice. Pursuant to Section 290.46 of the Penal Code, information about
specified registered sex offenders is made available to the public via an Internet website maintained by
the Department of Justice at www.meganslaw.ca.gov. Tenant understands and agrees that they are
solely responsible for obtaining any and all information contained in the state or national sex offender
registry for the area surrounding the Premises. Depending on an offender's criminal history, this
information will include either the address at which the offender resides or the community of residence
and zip code in which he or she resides.

16. Compliance. Tenant agrees to comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, requirements and
regulations of any federal, state, county, municipal or other authority.

17. Mechanics’ Lien. Tenant understands and agrees that Tenant and anyone acting on Tenant's behalf
does not have the right to file for mechanic's liens or any other kind of liens on the Premises. Tenant
agrees to give actual advance notice to any contractors, subcontractors or suppliers of goods, labor or
services that such liens are invalid. Tenant further agrees to take the additional steps necessary to keep
the Premises free of any and all liens that may result from construction completed by or for Tenant.

18. Subordination. With respect to the Premises, this Agreement is subordinate to any mortgage that
now exists, or may be given later by Landlord.

19. Alterations. Tenant will not make any alteration, addition or improvement to the Premises without first
obtaining Landlord's written consent. Any and all-alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises
are without payment to Tenant and will become Landlord’s property immediately on completion and
remain on the Premises, unless Landlord requests or permits removal, in which case Tenant will return
that part of the Premises to the same condition as existed prior to the alteration, addition or improvement.
Tenant will not change any. existing locks or install any additional locks on the Premises without first
obtaining Landlord's written consent and without providing Landlord a copy of all keys.

20. Smoking. Smoking of any kind is strictly prohibited on any part of the Premises. This prohibition
applies to Tenant and any visitors, guests or other occupants on the Premises.

21. Pets. Tenant is not allowed to have or keep any pets, even temporarily, on any part of the Premises,
except for the following: dogs and cats. The unauthorized presence of any pet will subject Tenant to
penalties, damages, deductions and/or termination of this Agreement. Properly trained service animals
that provide assistance to individuals with disabilities may be permitted on the Premises with the prior
written consent of Landlord, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Tenant will be responsible for the
costs of de-fleaing, deodorizing and/or shampooing all or any portion of the Premises if a pet has been on
the Premises at any time during the Term (whether with or without written consent of Landlord).

22. Inspection Checklist. In order to avoid disagreements about the condition of the Premises, at the
time of accepting possession of the Premises, Tenant will complete the Inspection Checklist incorporated
herein by reference and attached hereto as Exhibit A and record any damage or deficiencies that exist at
the commencement of the Term. Landlord will be liable for the cost of any cleaning or repair to correct
damages found at the time of the inspection. Tenant will be liable for the cost of any cleaning and/or
repair to correct damages found at the end of the Term if not recorded on the inspection checklist, normal
wear and tear excepted.

23. Fire and Casualty. If the Premises are damaged by fire or other serious disaster or accident and the
Premises becomes uninhabitable as a result, Tenant may immediately vacate the Premises and
terminate this Agreement upon notice to Landlord. Tenant will be responsible for any unpaid rent or will
receive any prepaid rent up to the day of such fire, disaster or accident. If the Premises are only partially
damaged and inhabitable, Landlord may make full repairs and will do so within a prompt and reasonable
amount of time. At the discretion of Landlord, the rent may be reduced while the repairs are being made.

24. Liability. Landlord is not responsible or liable for any loss, claim, damage or expense as a result of
any accident, injury or damage to any person or property occurring anywhere on. the Premises, unless
resulting from the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord.

25. Assignment and Subletting. Tenant will not assign this Agreement as to any portion or all of the
Premises or make or permit any total or partial sublease or other transfer of any portion or all of the
Premises.

26. Insurance Requirements. Tenant will not do or permit to be done any act or thing that will increase
the insurance risk under any policy of insurance covering the Premises. If the premium for such policy of
insurance increases due to a breach of Tenant's obligations under this Agreement, Tenant will pay the
additional amount of premium as additional rent under this Agreement.

27. Right of Entry. Landlord or its agents may enter the Premises at reasonable times to inspect the
Premises, to make any alternations, improvements or repairs or to show the Premises to a prospective
tenant, buyer or lender. In the event.of an emergency, Landlord may enter the Premises at any time.

28. Surrender. Tenant will deliver and surrender to Landlord possession of the Premises immediately
upon the expiration of the Term or the termination of this Agreement, clean and in as good condition and
repair as the Premises was at the commencement of the Term, reasonable wear and tear excepted.

29. Default. In the event of any default under this Agreement, Landlord may provide Tenant a notice of
default and an opportunity to correct such default. If Tenant fails to correct the default, other than a failure
to pay rent or additional rent, Landlord may terminate this Agreement by giving a thirty (30) day written
notice. If the default is Tenant's failure to timely pay rent or additional rent as specified in this Agreement,
Landlord may terminate this Agreement by giving a thirty (30) day written notice to Tenant. After
termination of this Agreement, Tenant remains liable for any rent, additional late, costs, including costs to
remedy any defaults, and damages under this Agreement.

30. Remedies. If this Agreement is terminated due to Tenant's default, Landlord may, in addition to any
rights and remedies available under this Agreement and applicable law, use any dispossession, eviction
or other similar legal proceeding available in law or equity.

31. Subordination. This Agreement and Tenant's right under it shall be subject and subordinate to the
lien, operation and effect of each existing or future mortgage, deed of trust, ground lease and/or any other
similar instrument of encumbrance covering any or all of the Premises, if any, and each renewal,
modification, consolidation, replacement or extension thereof.

32. Condemnation. If all or substantially all of the Premises are covered by a condemnation including the
exercise of any power of eminent domain by a governmental authority, this Agreement shall terminate on
the date possession of the Premises is taken by the condemning authority, and all rent under this
Agreement shall be prorated and paid to such date. Landlord is entitled to collect from the condemning
authority the entire amount of any award made in any proceeding. Tenant waives any right, title or
interest which Tenant may have to any such award and agrees to not make any claim for the Term of this
Agreement.

33. Hazardous Materials. Tenant shall not keep on the Premises any item of a dangerous, flammable, or
explosive character that might unreasonably increase the danger of fire or explosion on the Premises or
that might be considered hazardous or extra hazardous by any responsible insurance company.

34. Notices. All notices given under this Agreement must be in writing. A notice is effective upon receipt
and shall be delivered in person, sent via certified or registered mail to the following addresses (or to
another address that either Party may designate upon reasonable notice to the other Party):

Notices shall be sent to the Landlord at the following address:
1322 V St

Sacramento, CA 95818

Email: name1@example.com

Notices shall be sent to the Tenant at the following address:
1901 L St

Sacramento, CA 95811

Email: name2@example.com

35. Quiet Enjoyment. If Tenant pays the rent and performs all other obligations under this Agreement,
Tenant may peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the Premises during the Term.

36. No Waiver. No Party shall be deemed to have waived any provision of this Agreement or the exercise
of any rights held under this Agreement unless such waiver is made expressly and in writing.

37. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in whole
or in part, the remaining provisions shall not be affected and shall continue to be valid, legal and
enforceable as though the invalid, illegal or unenforceable part had not been included in this Agreement.

38. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Parties and their permitted successors and assigns.

39. Governing Law. The terms of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard
to its conflicts of laws provisions.

40. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written agreement signed by
the Parties.

41. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document.

42. Headings. The section headings herein are for reference purposes only and shall not otherwise
affect the meaning, construction or interpretation of any provision in this Agreement.

43. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and
supersedes and cancels all prior agreements of the Parties, whether written or oral, with respect to the
subject matter.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto, individually or by their duly authorized representatives, have
executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.